I I want to get real with you for a
moment here if I could when we decided
to bring this show back to Brooklyn of
course we wanted to make it special and
so the first request my bandleader Clio
and I made was to a very very special
person someone we grew up watching every
night on TV someone who dare I say we
idolize a man who has more so than any
Canadian who ever crossed over that
imaginary line that divides our two
great agents supernaturally gifted
performer who hopped from that big red
maple leaf up north to this big red
apple we are in the core of right now
and never looked back he is a legendary
music man hoovered 33 years was the kick
at david letterman side sitting in
August
all week I'm doing what we crawl in
showbiz is a mini residency of my mini
residency all we probably with you sir
well thank you for being our
[Music]
[Applause]
Paul Shaffer everybody
tonight and all this week Amy Schumer is
here with us we have music from LCD we
are hashtag blessed to have dj khaled in
the Opera Paul what is your favorite DJ
Khaled song
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow I also want to mention that in honor
of our school being here in Brooklyn all
of the jokes you will hear tonight were
written in small batches by hand on
biodegradable hemp parchment using
natural ink that was made from
sustainably harvested lingonberries okay
so Lester short this is all artisanal
tonight we have so much planned this
week and I hope you'll join us for all
five shows one of the great things about
taking your show on the road is meeting
new people and there are no better
people to meet than the people here in
Brooklyn so we thought it might be fun
to take a smaller version of our show on
the actual Road I got a taxicab and a
driver and a little desk and none other
than Paul Shaffer to drive around and
find guests to interview for a mini talk
show in a taxi here in Brooklyn
are you doing I'm doing okay what's your
name by my booty ello my MA do ya okay
hello mama do I'm Paul nice to see you
Jimmy how are you I'm doing well
thanks for being here Paul well let's go
pick some people up and interview them
what do you say uh-huh
awesome that was wonderful Paul maybe
some picking up you sure
[Music]
live from Makeup Jamaica my life you
know what I hope we get our customer is
a man with no shirt on we're gonna try
dental there's a guy yeah need a cab sir
how about her oh hi there yes yes yes hi
our first guess is wearing a pink
[Music]
Highland Park everything good new
projects you're working on I'm working
on my daughter it's a work in progress
right here are you or are you being an
overbearing grandmother all right yeah
well that is you know what that can
happen can we call your daughter and get
to the bottom of what's going on here
I would love to to speak to her I think
that's really the only way you're gonna
yeah work things oh do you have to
people have to communicate see that yes
you might get offended you know she
might get offended but she might not so
let me talk to her we'll see how it goes
dial
what's your grand child's name derive hi
Sharon its Jimmy Kimmel and Paul Shaffer
we're here with your mom for real your
mother told me she's been annoying you
too much telling you what to do with
your children and that sometimes you
become resentful yeah so anyway your
mother said she's gonna try to
understand your point of view and
respect that and in return all she would
like is for you to understand that it
all comes from a good place
yeah what did you love her a little too
much John is that the Ron in the
background yeah well she loves him more
than she loves you oh this is it right
here all right bye Sharon thank you so
much for being here
glad we could really iron things out and
we'll see you real soon thank you so
much thanks
[Applause]
we have the customer we have a customer
over here yes I recognize this guy did
you need a ride I'll take the next one
okay yeah it's me all right go all right
go ahead it's not interesting vibe if
people change you know yeah we don't
want no our next guest is wearing a red
and white striped shirt come on it what
is your name
[Music]
Jimmy Kemal alive
you have any anecdotes about that I
don't think I should work you all really
yeah we're the other synchronize
synchronize with yourself
seeker I send me a synchronized swimming
with music as well as a lieutenant what
song do you swim - right now we're
swimming - uptown funk oh really Wow
Bruno Mars underwater that's something
else if I played a little uptown funk
would you be able to simulate a little
bit
[Music]
do you have a clip-on night would
everyone like to see that okay
wait Jimmy you can't see it but there's
a natural synchronized swim going on
right now three people you see what's
going on you should check it out oh yes
you guys are swimming exactly the same
way
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you did it
subscribe anyway it's free who cares